Desktop at UCL instruction improvements (#11)
UCL-RITS/ipls-workshop: _pages/setup/desktop.md

    ```
    OLDHOME="${HOME}"  
    export HOME="/n/"  
    cd $HOME
    [[ ! -f OLDHOME/.bash_profile ]] && cp $HOME/.bash_profile $OLDHOME 
    ```
1. Open a new git bash terminal and run: `conda init bash` (this may say that the operation failed, but it's OK) 
1. Open a new terminal again. It may show a bash error at the start, but everything should work fine. 

> This checks whether you had created a startup configuration in your home directory and copies to the new home on the n drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This checks whether you had created a startup configuration in your home directory before and if it doesn't exist, it copies it to the old home on the `c` drive.
```

I believe, however, that this explanation if given at all, should be either below the point where it happens or linked here with a footnote.
You could use `<sub>*</sub>` at the end of the step, and `<sub>*</sub>: explanation` at the bottom of the page.

    ```
    OLDHOME="${HOME}"  
    export HOME="/n/"  
    cd $HOME

>     [[ ! -f OLDHOME/.bash_profile ]] && cp $HOME/.bash_profile $OLDHOME 

Reviewer 2: I don't think the cp command matches the description provided.
